"Welcome everybody to today's team meeting. This is russell. Thank you very much for joining. We are quite tide on time so i have put together and agenda and we can get through the topics we need to cover So our first agenda when is apologies. I do have apologies from emma. She is unable to attend today is she is on another meeting this morning. Our second jandaya venus team updates. So we are just going to spend couple of minutes providing a bit of an update to each other on our priorities that we have got going on at the moment rea could we start with you please so i have completed and that will be pushed on to live soon. Me will be working on the release process next tuesday which is twenty fifth of July. The reports have no errors which is really good and that's my updates for this week ok fantastic. Thank you very much. End morgan could we have your updates please has been involved in the hassan event. So for the next two days will be working on the prototype in that concludes my update please fantastic. That's brilliant. Thank you very much morgan and all the best team. Enrage. Can we have your updates please i would like to give me an update on the progress project. Currently we are in spring street and the testing phases being carried out. So we are talking to completed by the end of july thanks right. I do have a bit of an update as well. So i want to a meeting on monday and we discuss sone new training that we are going to be providing. You are getting officially mail regarding this shortly. Please join role as for your area of interest and attend the training. Has anybody got any questions at all no thank you we could now move on to our next item then which is a website. Right. Have you got any updates on that yep. So just to say that. Hey portal website is due to go next month. I have made some updates in terms of the program of events. It's going to be updated frequently so. Stop conceited what workshops are going to be like in on a daily basis that sounds fantastic. Thank you very much. I have seen it. And it does look really good. Is there anything we need to do to help you with that. It would be really useful if you could just take sometime to review it. And see if there are any issues and just get back to me. That would be great. Thank you no problem. I will know that down as an action item for all the best for the next meeting and we will have date roger during our next meeting. Ok. That's everything for me. I don't have anything else to add except. Thank you very much for your heart work. If we could meet again next week that would be lovely. Thanks everybody for attending the meeting. Thank you. Have a good day."
